Enable Fellowship members of any rank to open retain and promote referendas (#302)
polkadot-fellows/runtimes: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Add `pallet-vesting` to Asset Hubs ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#269](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/269))
- Add Pay Salary Collectives test ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#260](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/260))

### Changed

- Remove DMP queue and allow `system::authorize_upgrade` in XCM's call filter ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#280](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/280))

> - Allow fellowship members of any rank to open their promotion and retention referendas ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#302](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/302))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow fellowship members of any rank to open their promotion or retention referendum ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#302](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/302))
```
